refactor: Update CLI parameter from `--exec-date` to `--logical-date` (#48458)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/newsfragments/48458.significant.rst

> For the Airflow CLI, we have changed CLI parameter ``--exec-date`` to ``--logical-date`` for the command ``airflow dags trigger`` to maintain consistency with other Airflow commands.
> 
> This is a breaking change for users who are currently using the ``--exec-date`` parameter in their scripts or workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Airflow CLI, we have changed the CLI parameter ``--exec-date`` to ``--logical-date`` for the command ``airflow dags trigger`` to maintain consistency with Airflow 3.0 and above.

This is a breaking change for users using the ``airflow dags trigger`` command with the ``--exec-date`` parameter in their scripts or workflows. 
```

Author: @bugraoz93 it's now more explicit and easier to follow, thanks!
